well this is the thrill ride nature of
the v13 are
I'm out on a beautiful Tuesday morning
here in Chicago
that's cool can't I still get a little
bit of that characteristic
harley-davidson vibration
and I know it probably looks pretty
funny I'm sitting so low on this but I'm
actually really comfortable even with a
semi behind me hope you guys can see
that but that's a little intimidating
that takes a little bit of courage
but I can leave behind pretty quick
you really don't have any power assist
in this it's all very pure you know the
the steering is very direct the brakes
feel fantastic
it's a sequential shifter so forward to
downshift back top shift clutch is easy
to modulate and you know as much as this
car is a motorcycle
it really isn't
so much of it is just the driving
experience alone
hahaha
that's cool so there's very few come on
a minute Carla Kyle just called a
vehicle is very few vehicles that could
give you this kind of perspective
and it's a practical it's reliable you
still have two seats not difficult to
get into you have a small storage trunk
up front got a brand new harley-davidson
v-twin behind me
easy five-speed gearbox
it's not bad really not bad
should says not bad it's electrifying
it's a thrill ride
it's as cool to see the suspension
rebound you know that the t-rex is
pretty spectacular but it's spectacular
in a totally different way
Gus is a lighting rod I mean it's all
power this on the other hand is nothing
like that this is a
hold on
hybrid experience it's like a nostalgic
roadster with like driving an AC Cobra
while riding the harley-davidson that
might not make any sense but it makes
sense to me
not to mention it looks like nothing
else on the road absolutely nothing else
look she got this a pretty cool
all right here we go
nothing like a t-rex absolutely nothing
like it for opposite
this is definitely one of the wildest
looking road-going anything motorcycle
boat car all boats are talking pickup
truck SUV semi doesn't matter there's
very few things that will create the
same style appearance this thing does
it's like riding a big Harley
only you don't have a sidecar you got a
car